If we draw, we will draw the
business model canvas, we start
with the customer segments
and what you offer to each of
the customer segments.
I think there are two segments of customers
that are, like any marketplace, in this
case you have the brands, I don't
know if you call them brands or
companies or I don't know.
The clothing marks.
Brands and Users.
You offer them additional business,
I understand.
And the users, well, because you offer them.
What do users offer?
What is the main value?
There are two types of users, I know.
Yes, that is, I think, as we
divide it, it is to make a more
intersection between users.
We divided them into two.
You have the most content creators
users, as it is in any social network,
Twitter, Instagram, everywhere,
where you have those who normally
upload photos and then you
have users who see content
and who buy, right?
Then you have the marks.
This is a win-win model for
all three stakeholders.
Why is?
Because you have users who
want to buy content and see trends.
You give them a product that no one
is offering.
You have then some users where they
don't have another platform, where
they can monetize their trends, their
theft, etc., and more.
You can go up whatever you want, right?
I actually painted it the
same way.
By calling it otherwise, you allow
creators to foster their personal
brand and make money, right?
And the rest you can buy.
and exact.
And we bring them to the marks.
For very simple marks.
Traffic and mobile.
But that's like any marketplace,
you offer an additional business
and such, highly qualified, etc.
Well, you're offering sales
through network content users,
who are now losing a lot
of those sales.
Yes, it is very well.
One thing I think of is that there
are social networks that focus
on content, such as YouTube,
where the creator and consumer
profiles are absolutely
different.
There are two worlds.
There are people who upload videos and there
are people who consume them.
And there are other social networks,
which you have put an example,
such as Facebook or Twitter, where
those profiles are...
It is true that there are people who
are more content creators than others,
but that it is almost more a topic of
use than of profile.
I do not know how it is.
No, in the end everyone can
upload photos, everyone can
buy, everyone can see.
Although it seems to us that on Twitter
everyone can do everything, there
are two super-differentiated
segments and that's a lot of
articles that talk about it.
Yes, on Facebook, but not
on Twitter.
More and less on Facebook.
That is, if you look, you go to your
Facebook feed, you have more and more,
that is, you have fewer people hanging
more content from those people.
Why is?
People use one
or two tools.
Now what is most working is Instagram
and it is true that it is
mixed a lot in the part of Instagram.
Many people publish stories, many people
consume stories and that barrier
is less clear.
And in your case, how is it?
In this case, there are two
types of users.
There are people who say I won't take
a photo with my outfit because
it makes me ashamed or because I don'
t have time.
Of course, because you add the
buttons so people buy you,
that's done for an economic reason.
No, most of them upload it for
a social recognition reason
or because it gives them the desire
to upload photos.
As you do on Instagram, there is no other
difference.
Yes, but they make money when
someone buys on those links.
Do you earn money?
Yes, it is true, they make money
because we are democratizing that
selling power in that sense.
Because if a user is selling
thanks to it, why shouldn'
t that user be charged
a commission?
We could quantify it a little, I understand
not much, but I understand
that within 21 buttons there are
people who make a lot of money because
they are people who are really
real influencers, especially girls.
There are more people who make
money, really.
On Instagram today, money can be
earned by someone who can have
a manager, have a business relationship
with brands, agencies,
etc.
This is in the hands of very few people.
In the pyramid, the value proposition
from the perspective of one of
the values is to make money.
And on Instagram the pyramid is a pyramid
in which only the cuspide earns money
and there are people who make a
lot of money, but they are only
very few.
and exact.
YouTube is the extreme case because
it is complicated to make a
YouTube video, do it well...
Of course, the barrier is
even bigger.
In Instagram, the pyramid is very
large in terms of people who upload
content, it is very small in
terms of people who make money.
Because it's not that Instagram
pays you that barrier, you need to
break it by reaching agreements with brands.
In contrast, on Twitter and
Instagram the pyramid is what it
is, where it could be between
a Twitter and an Instagram, but where
everyone monetizes its influence,
not just that small part
of the pyramid.
Everyone monetizes their influence.
There are people who will earn very
little money.
Of course, it depends on you,
it's totally meritocratic.
You try to have more followers on
your profiles, you try to recommend
it to more people and you will
earn more money.
It is meritocratic in that sense.
Well, we have perfectly drawn
the customer segments and
customer segments we have said...
And then we have the users, which are
two profiles, which are the most
creative and the most consuming.
The most creative people are offered
a value that is that they earn more
money, enhance their personal
brand, etc.
And you offer consumers the consumption
of such attractive content.
And the challenge is, that in your case
you have achieved it, and it is
an advantage over the rest of social
networks, the challenge is that
in your case it is more mixed, not
so extreme, the percentage of those
who create and earn money, but you
have managed to democratize it.
and exact.
It is a challenge to think about creating
a social network.
In fact, I would recommend that if
someone is going to raise investment
in initial rounds, don't put it as a
social network.
That's the same thing you're saying,
I've told you, I've commented on people
who tell me, that I'm not going to
build a social network and not say
a social network, because I've thrown
people back, because of course, it's
an ultra-ambitious project.
We put on a social network.
Within the DNA of the company
and the company culture, it is
to be super transparent with
all stakeholders, with
employees, with investors,
with everyone.
So what is a social network?
We are a social network, we will be able to do it.
That someone doesn't want to invest in
this company because it has social
networking factors?
That doesn't invest.
We don't want people inside
the company who don't share
our vision.
Because if not, what happens is
that they become companies where
you have a management, either
through the board, or through the
people you have inside working
in the company, which go in
different lines.
And that is where the problems arise.
Social networking is more marketplace.
Perfect, very well explained.
Many thanks.